[birds chirping]
[ambient music playing]
[woman] Darling, can't believe…
Hey, hey. Hey, how are you?
Good. How are you?
[overlapping happy chattering]
♪ ♪
[overlapping chatter continues]
[door opening in distance]
♪ ♪
[Amy] Heather?
[music fades]
-[bells chiming]
-[Heather]
Amy!
-[Amy] Yeah?
-Amy, we have to go, babe.
[Amy] Yeah, I'm going. I'm going.
-Yeah, I'm fine.
-We're gonna miss it.
It's not okay if we miss this train, guys.
Wait, why are we running?
-We have to go.
-'Cause we're late.
-[Amy] Are we that late?
-[Heather] Yes.
-[Amy] Do you have my passport?
-[Heather] I swear, Amy.
-I'm trying, I'm trying. Okay, okay.
-We're going to miss it!
-[♪ Skyler Adams and Tora Hallström
sing "Find You"]
-♪
In the darkness
♪
-♪
I was struggling the hardest
♪
-[urgent chatter]
[Heather] I'll check us in.
[overlapping chattering]
♪
I've been going
[Connie] Oh, shit!
-♪
Going on my own
♪
-[laughter]
-[Heather] It's this car.
-[Connie] Okay.
[Heather] Oh, my God.
-Okay.
-[brakes hissing]
-Oh, my God.
-Okay. Go, go, go!
[Amy] I'm going, I'm going, I'm going.
-[man on train] ♪
And you're going
♪
-[guitar playing]
but I've turned to stone
♪
Oh
I've been searching for
♪
-♪
a feeling
♪
-Oh.
Then you fell into my arms
♪
Water. We need the dining car.
I will find you, ooh, ooh-ooh
♪
Ah...
[Connie]
Okay, Heather.
♪
You, ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
♪
You know I'll find you
♪♪
[Amy] Hey, are you going to drink that?
Have at it.
All you.
[Amy] Yummy.
[Connie] I don't mix. I don't mix that.
-[Amy] I do. I do, I do.
-[Connie laughing]
Okay, we get in at 5:00 a.m.
[Connie] You're kidding.
[Heather] How many all-nighters
did you pull in college?
[Connie] I was young. I was a baby.
-[whispering] Guys.
-A month ago.
The good old days.
[whispering] That guy is checking me out.
-Who?
-That guy over there.
The dude who's being so, so subtle.
[Amy] Don't turn around.
He's going to see you.
Mm.
[Heather] I am almost done...
-with this itinerary.
-[Connie] Mm-mm.
-Not the itinerary. I told you.
-You said you weren't going to do that.
You said you weren't going
to do it anymore, and I told you
we're down for whatever.
We don't need a plan.
[whispering] Is that him?
-We need, like, an idea.
-We're good.
-[Amy whispering] I'm gonna go.
-[Connie] Where are you going? Uh, oh.
Be safe.
-[Amy] Hmm?
-Cheers.
[Amy] Bye.
Did she...
Mm-hmm.
[Heather laughs]
[both laughing]
I came for the food.
You came for the sights.
And she came to get over
her rat bastard cheating ex-boyfriend.
Exactly.
-Good for her.
-Cheers to Amy.
Mm, before you go to sleep,
how much time do you want to spend
at the market?
An hour, right?
An hour and a half?
No.
[Connie] Okay, I'm going to go to bed.
I'm so tired.
[man] Hey, excuse me.
Can you hold that for a second?
-Sure.
-Thanks.
[♪ Toti Soler plays "Tot l'Enyor de Demà"]
Ah, thanks.
[man groans]
♪ ♪
[crickets chirping]
[sniffs]
[whooshes]
[man sighs]
[man groans loudly]
I can't say this was a bad idea.
Your MacGyver bed didn't work out?
It's a little hard for my taste.
What about you?
Um...
I can't turn my brain off, I guess.
Huh. That tracks.
The Sun Also Rises.
It's a little on the nose--
reading that in Spain, isn't it?
[man chuckles]
Is there something wrong with that?
[laughing] No.
I thought women weren't supposed
to like Hemingway anymore.
I'm pretty sure we're allowed
to like whoever we want.
I think he was captivating,
if problematic,
which is probably why
he was married three times.
[chimes]
It's nice the way the calendar
kind of interrupts your reading like that.
I'm pretty sure
that you interrupted me first.
Do you also take issue
with simultaneous capacity?
Do I know you from somewhere?
Mm-mm.
This is fun.
Annoying a stranger?
I'm Jack.
And you are?
Heather.
Nice to meet you, Heather.
[chuckles]
[laughing]
Now we're not strangers.
Not strangers anymore.
So, Heather, what brings you onto
the overnight train to Barcelona?
Funny enough, I'm going to Barcelona.
You hitting all the top
Lonely Planet sights?
No.
[laughs] You're lying.
Yes.
How'd you know?
I can tell.
So, what are you doing
on the train to Barcelona?
I thought I would…
catch up on some reading.
What are we reading?
You're going to love this.
-You're joking.
-I couldn't wait to show you that
when I saw that
that was what you were reading.
[Jack laughing]
[whimsical music playing]
Hmm.
[clicks tongue] Okay, well...
I'll see you later.
All right.
-Good night.
-Bye.
[laughing] Okay.
Is that distracting?
[laughing] Yeah.
I'll do this.
[indistinct P.A. announcement in Spanish]
[Heather] You got everything?
-You got your passport?
-Yeah, I think so.
-Wait, where is Amy?
-Oh, of course. Oh, my God.
Amy, hurry!
Heather's judging you! Get it, though!
[Heather] No, I just don't
want to be late.
[Jack] Hey.
-Jack.
-Connie.
I was annoying your friend here
last night.
[laughing] Yeah, the whole--
I saw you with the sleeping
on the luggage rack thing.
It was kind of genius.
I'm a clever boy.
They're going to catch up,
so let's just go.
[Jack] How tall are you, by the way?
[Heather] Five-six. Why?
That's the perfect height.
Trapeze artists, they're all
five foot, six inches or under.
So are human cannonballs, the people
who get blasted out of... cannons.
Are you for real?
No, it's true.
The first question you get asked
if you go for a job at a carnival.
-[Connie] Have you worked a carnival?
-Yes.
-Bye!
-[Connie] No way!
Actually, I ran away from home
to join the circus.
[Heather] Okay, now I know you're lying.
-Um, okay, so Viktor is very hot...
-Oh. Okay.
...very English,
and he's invited us to a club tonight,
this amazing place called Incendio
that's a warehouse.
Okay, but don't forget,
we have dinner reservations
at a place called Els Quatre Gats,
and they were very hard to get.
Okay, Mom, well, can we go after dinner?
Yeah, of course. That's fine.
We just have to make sure
we make that reservation.
-Yeah.
-Fine.
Hi. Amy.
-Hi. Jack.
-[Heather clears throat]
It's a nice watch.
You think so?
Yeah.
Come on.
[siren wailing in distance]
It was nice to meet you.
See you around the circus.
Sure.
-[Connie] I think this was--
-[Amy] Come on!
[whimsical music playing]
So, the Sagrada Familia has been
under construction for a century.
Gaudi knew this wasn't going
to be completed in his lifetime.
He's actually buried there.
He was hit and killed by a tram.
-He's buried, in there.
-[groans]
The central tower will be around 550 feet
tall, three feet shorter than Montjuïc,
-which is that.
-I totally just ruined a Christmas card.
[laughing]
-Gaudi believed that--
-Before you tell me that,
tell me about the boy that was
following us out of the train station.
'Cause it kind of felt like there was,
like, a vibe going on.
There was not a vibe.
-Connie. Connie.
-Connie.
-There was a vibe.
-Tell her there wasn't a vibe.
-[Amy] Oh, my God.
-[♪ Teo Planell sings "Beatrice"]
-Look at the bubbles.
-[Connie] Oh.
[Connie] An air bubble.
[Amy] No, wait. Let's take a picture.
Let's take a pic--
-Okay. Well, fine, I'm taking a picture.
-[song continues with lyrics in Spanish]
-[Amy squeals]
-[Connie] Look at this.
Did you just see that?
-[blows]
-[laughing]
Hola.
Can I try?
Come on. Okay, you go in, too.
Okay. [laughs]
♪ ♪
[child laughing]
Whoa.
Oh, my.
-[Amy] Get in it.
-Wait.
[phone clicks]
[song continues with lyrics in Spanish]
Oh, we have to get this on the way back.
♪ ♪
[song ends]
[trilling vocalization in song]
[techno music playing loudly]
[man speaking excitedly in Spanish]
[crowd whooping, cheering]
[screaming happily]
♪ ♪
Amy, this place is fun.
I told you.
Viktor is coming here!
He's meeting me!
-He's coming? Fun.
-He's coming here!
-[Jack] Hello.
-Hi.
-This is Raef!
-Ralph?
-Ray?
-Uh...
-Ralph?
-Raef.
-Ray?
-Sure, you can call me that.
Connie.
I'm Amy!
Hi.
-[Heather] Heather!
-Heather. Hi.
Hi.
Who wants a beer?
-Yes. Yes.
-Yeah.
-Yes. I got you. All right.
-[Amy] Yeah.
-I'm going to get something.
-I'll help you. I'll help you.
-Yeah? Yeah?
-Yeah.
-Here, give me.
-Yeah?
Oh.
♪ ♪
Viktor just got here.
-I'm going to go meet him.
-Okay, wait.
Tell him to come here!
[Amy] I'm going to get him!
-Are you coming back?
-No!
But you're so hot and I love you!
Have fun!
-Mwah. Bye!
-Okay--
♪ ♪
Do you want to move away
from the speakers?
What?
Do you want to move away
from the speakers?!
-Oh.
-It's too loud!
-Loud!
-Uh...
Well, they're going to come back here.
Do you have a phone?
[laughs]
We'll find them. Come on.
-[door closes]
-[Jack sighs]
-[Heather] So, you're from New Zealand?
-[Jack] Yeah.
[Heather] So, of all the clubs
and warehouses in Barcelona,
-you chose...
-I came here to see you.
-You did?
-Yeah.
I heard Amy talking about
where you guys were going tonight.
I figured you'd be here.
[Heather] Oh, that's cool.
So you've just been traveling?
Yeah, it's kind of the best way
to do it, to just see what happens.
-Go with the flow?
-Yeah.
-I love it. Yeah.
-Really?
That kind of stresses me out.
-Really? Why?
-Mm-hmm.
I don't know.
I just like to know what's next.
-Yeah.
-Do you...
Do you have a job?
Do you work? How do you...
I try not to work.
I mean, I do odd jobs here and there.
Like what?
I have scrubbed crap
off a boat in Marseille.
Ew.
I've worked in a supermarket.
I've cleaned cars.
I have...
worked for a medium.
-I've done many, many, many things.
-Worked for a m--
Yeah.
-Like...
-Many cool people.
Hmm.
What about you? What are you...?
Do you work?
Um...
Well, I'm from Texas...
Okay.
...born and raised,
and I went to college in Boston,
which is how I met Amy and Connie.
And I am moving to New York in August
to start a new job.
So, what's this job in New York?
Banking.
-Mm-hmm.
-Cool.
Well, I guess if you find
comfort in chaos...
-[laughs]
-Yeah.
...and swabbing shit on decks,
that's awesome.
[both laughing]
I heard once someone say that
compatibility in a partner,
it's great when people are actually
-different from each other.
-Mm.
-Opposites.
As opposed to sharing the same interests.
I mean, I'm not trying to say that...
-[both laughing]
-What?
Basically, I think we should get married.
This is a crazy
outside-of-the-club conversation.
-Yeah.
-Mm.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Connie] Oh, we finally found you.
[chuckling] Hi. Hi.
-[Jack] Yo.
-What's up?
I know you can talk
at a normal volume out here.
-Yeah. It's great.
-It's nice.
[laughing]
[Connie] Has anyone seen Amy?
[aggressive electronic music playing]
I can't believe Amy's at
a house party with Viktor.
Bro, yes, you can.
That's the most Amy thing
she could have done.
-Ah, you're right.
-[laughs]
Fair.
Mm... so, is there a vibe?
[techno music playing loudly]
With-with Ray?
Yes.
Wait, I'm pretty sure his name's Raef.
-Raef? That's kind of a horrible name.
-[Raef and Jack speaking indistinctly]
-I don't think so.
-No, I'm pretty sure Jack told--
I think there's an "F" at the end.
-Ray.
-Yeah?
Nothing. See?
I'm always right.
-Anyways...
-[clears throat]
I think I'm going to go back
to his hotel with him.
-Are you?
-Yeah.
-Are you going to be okay, though?
Is he going to walk you back?
I'll be fine.
-Oh, yeah?
-The hostel's--
-You'll be fine.
-[laughing]
The hostel's so close to here.
I'll be fine.
Yeah, that's true. Okay.
-Well, I love you.
-I love you.
[both grunting]
-[both chuckling]
-Text me, okay?
-Well, it's been a great night.
-[Heather] Night night.
-Goodbye.
-[Jack] See you later.
[chuckles]
[clears throat]
[Heather]
Well, it sounds like
the expat life is working out for you.
That reminds me of why I wanted
to see you tonight: Hemingway.
What about Hemingway?
You were wrong about him--
you said he had three wives.
He actually had four.
I searched it up.
Wait, so you wanted to see me tonight
to tell me I was wrong?
It wasn't so much about telling you that
you were wrong as it was about Mary Welsh.
-Who I'm assuming is his fourth wife.
-Yes.
Hemingway drank, cheated, grumbled his way
through his first three marriages...
-Uh-huh.
-...ended up with Mary Welsh
for the last 15 years of his life.
And she was there for the worst of it.
I mean, he won his Pulitzer near the end,
but he was in plane accidents,
car accidents,
his health was declining for years,
he had depression,
and then one day he just shot himself.
In their foyer.
It's crazy.
She was there for his death.
She deserves not to be forgotten.
I will never forget Mary Welsh Hemingway
ever again.
Oh, hey.
-See that?
-What?
-The tower?
-Yeah.
What about it?
-Come on.
-Okay.
My great-grandfather was here in the '40s.
-This?
-Yeah, and he rode the cable car.
-[Heather] He rode that?
-Uh-huh.
[Heather] Wow.
Let's go.
-It's closed. Right?
-Yeah.
Even better. We don't have to pay.
-[loud clattering]
-[Heather] Oh, shit!
Oh, my God.
Jack, I can't believe we're doing this.
[♪ Erlend Øye & La Comitiva
play "Altiplano"]
[whispering] Quick, quick, quick, quick.
I don't do-- I don't break and enter.
[laughing quietly]
[Jack] Nice, nice, nice, nice.
You sure we're not going to get arrested?
-Arrested?
-Yeah.
No, we're not going to get arrested.
-[ship horn blaring in distance]
-[Heather] Are we going to get in trouble?
I don't know.
♪ ♪
[both gasp, chuckle quietly]
[Heather] That's probably locked.
I mean, you...
-Ooh. [gasps]
-[loud clattering]
-[Jack] Smooth.
-[laughs]
[song ends]
[Heather] Oh, this is fun.
Wait.
Look, you can see
the Sagrada Familia from here.
-Where? Where, where?
-Right there. See it lit up?
You know they started building in 1882?
There's a drawing of that church
in my great-grandfather's journal.
He was a soldier in World War II.
-He stayed in Europe after the war.
-Mm-hmm.
He kept a journal and wrote about
all the places that he was traveling to.
I have it with me.
I'm trying to go to every place
that he wrote about.
[Heather] Hmm.
[gentle melody playing]
It's a nice way to honor his memory.
Yeah.
What was his name?
-Russell.
-Russell?
Yeah.
[laughs softly]
It's a fun night.
It wasn't on my bingo card.
Amy and Connie aren't going to believe me.
I don't think so.
♪ ♪
[seagulls squawking]
[cable car rumbling, whirring]
[ship horn blaring in distance]
Jack.
Jack?
[creaking]
Oh, shit.
[seagulls squawking]
-[horns blasting]
-[Heather grunts]
-[Jack laughing]
-[Heather] Wow.
Are those people?
[speaking Spanish]
[Heather] What's the game plan?
Improvise.
-[speaking Spanish]
-[Heather] Shit.
-[Jack] No, no, no.
-[Heather] No, no, no, no, no.
We've been locked in here all night.
All night long.
Where have you guys been this whole time?
-¿Vale? ¿La police?
I'm calling.
-Yeah, go on. I'm calling the police, too.
-Mario, Mario... [speaking Spanish]
-Come on.
[men shouting in Spanish]
[elevator bell dings]
-[Heather sighs]
-[Connie] Heather?
[Heather] I told her, like, six times
it'll be here at 9:15.
-Connie!
-[Connie] She didn't answer.
[Jack] Why don't you take a later train?
[Heather] I mean,
we're going to have to if she's not here.
[groaning]
[Amy grunts in frustration]
He took all my shit! He took all my shit!
-[Heather] What?
-[Amy] My passport, all of my money,
my really cute leather jacket
from that thrift store in Bushwick.
He took it all.
-Viktor?
-Yeah, no, he told me that,
like, the Molly, that it was supposed
to be really good
and that it was going to be
the best night ever, and then I...
These fucking shoes hurt so badly.
Oh, my God, are you okay?
[Amy] No, I'm fine. I just...
I was... I was tripping balls,
and then I literally
was just in Park Güell,
and I couldn't see anything,
and the tile mosaics were singing to me,
and then I looked around, and he was gone,
and he had taken all of my shit.
Wait, but are you sure you're okay?
'Cause we can call the cops.
No, I'm fine. It's just...
Like, nothing, like, bad-bad happened
or anything.
-I just don't-- No.
-[Heather] Getting robbed is bad-bad, Amy.
I know, but nothing, like,
bad-bad-bad happened,
and I just don't want to make
a big deal out of it,
and I just, like,
I feel like such an idiot.
Heather, I'm so sorry.
-I didn't mean to do this.
-[Heather] No, hey, stop.
The important thing is that you're okay.
We'll go to the embassy, we'll get you
an emergency passport, and you'll be fine.
Or...
Amy, where did you say
this house party was?
-[♪ Manel sings "Ceràmiques Guzmán"]
-[bell clanging]
[dog barking in distance]
[Amy] No, I... I definitely remember
the statue there,
which means that was behind me.
So I would've...
I would've walked through there and...
[song continues with lyrics in Catalan]
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
That's it, that's it.
-[Raef] There?
-[Amy] That's it, that's it.
[Amy, Connie and Heather] Viktor!
-[Connie] Hey!
-Viktor!
-[door opening]
-[Heather] Viktor, you--
-[shouting indistinctly]
-[Raef] Oi!
-[Amy] Hello?
-[Connie] Hey!
-[Raef] Hey!
-[Amy] Hi, hi, hi.
-[Connie] Hi.
-[Amy] Hey.
-Oh, my God.
-Hi.
Hi. Did you have a party here last night?
[speaking Spanish]
I know you.
You're the one who sang.
-I did?
-Yeah.
-[vocalizing operatic melody]
-[Connie] Oh.
Puccini.
Oh, my God.
You stood here
for the whole square to hear.
It was wonderful.
So beautiful. The voice of an angel.
I do not remember doing that,
but thank you.
You're welcome.
Amy sings opera?
-Oh, yeah.
-[Amy] Um,
okay, well, can you help us find--
There's, um, a guy.
His name is Viktor. He was--
Okay, one minute.
["Ceràmiques Guzmán" continues playing
with lyrics in Catalan]
[no dialogue]
♪ ♪
[song ends]
[Viktor shouting indistinctly]
[Connie] Oh, shit.
Viktor, can you please
just give me my shit?
What? Sorry.
You have all my shit.
Give me my shit back.
-I don't have all your shit.
-No, you took my passport,
my jacket, my wallet, my purse, my phone.
I don't have your shit, babe.
[zipper whizzing]
[Viktor] You-- Oh, oh,
are you calling the police?
Yes, we're calling the police.
[Viktor] Are you looking for the number?
Do you want a hand?
Calling the cops, yeah.
The cops.
All right, all right, all right.
Maybe, maybe...
maybe I ended up
with your stuff by accident.
Maybe?
Maybe. I'm going to go and check.
You lot stay here.
Please, can you remove
your foot from my door?
-Get your foot out my door.
-Go on, then.
[♪ El Grajo plays "Intermitente"]
[grunting]
[exclaims]
-[Jack] Get him.
-[Amy yelps]
-[grunting]
-[Heather] Oh, my-- Are you okay?
-[grunts]
-[Heather yells]
[Jack] Get him, get him.
-[Connie] Oh, my God.
-[Heather] Ow, shit.
Damn it.
-[Viktor yells]
-[thumping]
-You okay? You all right?
-I'm fine.
Where did he go? Where did he go?
[Amy] Get him. Get him, get him.
[clattering]
[distant siren wailing]
[grunting in frustration]
-Move!
-[woman whimpering]
-[Connie] Ew, ew, ew.
-Did you find anything?
-Oh, sh--
-[yelping]
It's my jacket, it's my jacket.
-Does anyone see my passport?
-[Raef] Um...
-[Heather gasps]
-[thud]
[Raef] But, wh-- Check, check, what's--
[Amy] Does any-- Where's my passport?
-[Jack] That's a lot of money.
-[Amy] Um...
[Raef] No, give me--
[Amy] In here?
-Oh, yeah.
-[Heather gasps]
-[Amy laughing]
-Yes!
-[Raef] Oh, yeah.
-Yes.
-[cheering]
-Yes! Yes!
[Jack] Hey.
Do you guys want to extend your trip
and go on a little adventure?
-[sniffs]
-But...
it's probably very stolen.
Yeah, but he stole it.
I don't think that makes it better.
[Raef] Yeah, two wrongs make a right, no?
Boom.
-Come on.
-[Raef] Good find.
Let's do it!
You sure?
[Heather] Screw it.
[chattering happily, laughing]
[Jack] Hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey.
I have, give or take, like,
four or five grand in my pocket.
-Is it that much?
-Yeah.
-What do you guys want to do?
-Is that legal?
-Come on, let's go.
-We can do anything.
-Come on.
Come on.
Okay.
[♪ Chacho plays "Nuestro Aire"]
Where are we going?
I knew you were going to ask me.
I just want to know
how you know where you're going.
Because… How?
I love that it's killing you not to know.
It's not killing me.
-Just a little bit.
-I just...
No, it's... I'm just curious.
Does anyone ever
really know where they're going?
[engine revving]
♪ ♪
Hey, you good?
Hey, you got robbed.
-Mm.
-And then you made this happen.
Thank you for the reminder.
No, thank you.
No, literally.
Look at what you did for the day.
[Connie] Look at where we are.
Yeah, Amy, it's good. It's all fine.
You made, like, the worst possible day
turn into the best day.
[chuckling] We're driving a convertible.
-I know.
-[Raef] Yeah.
The only one they had.
All because of you.
-The red one.
-[Heather] Yeah. Cherry red.
-[Connie laughing]
-Cherry red.
Thank you so much.
["Nuestro Aire" continues playing]
[seagulls squawking]
[Connie]
Oh, my God.
-[Amy] Oh, my--
-[Raef] Oh.
-Oh, wow.
-[Connie laughs] This is crazy.
-[Amy gasps]
-This is crazy.
[Heather] Oh, my God. Look here.
[Amy] It's beautiful.
-[seagulls squawking]
-[Connie] Wow. [gasps]
This is a really good photo op.
-Oh, we're taking a photo.
-[Amy] Okay.
-[Raef] All right. Um...
-[Amy inhales]
-Scooch. Squish. This is so good.
-[Raef] Oh, oh, oh, oh.
-Hold on. No glasses.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-[chattering]
-Hey. Jack, get in.
I'm good. I'm good.
I mean, you are kind of ugly.
[laughter]
All right, take it-- Now I'm definitely
not getting in the photo.
-Okay, whatever.
-[Raef] Go ahead.
-[phone clicks]
-Good?
-[Heather] Oh, it looks good.
-Can we go to the wat--
-[phone clicks]
-Oh.
-[Amy squealing happily]
-Stop!
-[Heather laughs] You guys.
-[chattering]
-[gasps]
-[squeals]
[Connie] We made this.
[Amy] Okay, y'all go ahead.
-[Connie] We're out, I guess.
-[Raef] Of course.
-[laughter]
-[Amy] I could use this
-for my Hinge profile picture.
-[Connie] Yes, you can.
-Wait, that's my phone.
-[Amy gasps] Wait.
-Can I have my phone? Amy.
-Can you do one by the water?
[Heather] Yeah.
[Amy] Oh, my God.
[singsongy] We're here!
-Ah!
-[laughing]
-This is crazy.
-Hold on. Um, let's go this way.
[♪ Anna Andreu sings "El crit al cel"]
[seagulls squawking]
I feel like this is something
you'd want to do every day.
-[song continues with lyrics in Catalan]
-[chatter continues indistinctly]
[indistinct chatter continues]
Hi. Raef. Hi.
Hi.
[Jack] Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
[Jack laughing]
[shouting happily]
[Jack]
Go, go, go, go, go!
[women screaming excitedly]
[laughing]
[talking indistinctly]
-[phone clicks]
-[laughing]
♪ ♪
[whooping]
[Jack exhales heavily]
You all right?
Yeah.
Yeah, but stuff's good, though?
Life's good?
You still feeling okay?
Life's good, bro.
I wouldn't change anything.
[Amy] Wait, Connie, come here.
-Yeah?
-[Heather] Stop.
-She just told me that they kissed.
-Shh!
-And she is just now telling us about it.
-Amy, stop.
-[Connie] What?
[laughing] They kissed.
Wait, when?
It was a kiss, and it was sweet,
and then we fell asleep.
Does it, like, mean anything?
Why would it? We're leaving tomorrow.
Do you guys mean anything?
-What do you mean?
-Connie?
I got to go over there.
-I got to swim.
-[squealing]
[women squealing and laughing]
[both laughing]
We don't shriek enough, you and I.
New Year's resolution.
Deal.
[laughs]
-[guitar playing]
-[man vocalizing romantic melody]
[vocalizing continues]
[Jack] Salvador Dalí
used to live in this house.
[Heather] And is this the famous journal?
Yeah.
[man singing in Spanish]
[vocalizing]
-[laughing] Wait.
-Come on.
-No.
-One-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
[laughing]
[song continues in Spanish]
Wait.
♪ ♪
-[Heather]
It wasn't even close.
-[Connie]
Okay, I'll try again.
-One more?
-[Raef sighs]
-[laughter]
-[Amy] You guys remember those backpackers
I met in the tapas bar?
-Uh, yeah, the Croatian.
-Yeah.
-The-the really tall one, Goran,
he was saying that it was,
like, life-changing.
He detoxed from society,
and he was, like,
reconnecting with himself.
I guess it just made me think
that, like, I think I can do it.
[Connie] Do what?
Walk the Camino.
-You?
-Like, as if, like,
-it would be impossible that...
-[Heather] No, no.
-...I would do, like, a pilgrimage trail?
-[Heather] No, no, no, not at all.
I guess, like, I've been
in my head a little bit, like,
with all the Viktor stuff, and it just...
I don't know, like, it ended up fine,
but it could have not been,
and that's, like, I don't know,
really, really scary, and...
-Hey.
-No, it's fine.
I just was thinking, like,
partying my way through Europe
on the heels of a massive breakup
is maybe, perhaps, not the right approach.
So...
I am...
not going to fly home tomorrow.
[Connie] You know, Amy,
I actually think this is, like,
the perfect next part of your journey.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
I...
I a-agree, and I mean that.
[Amy] Mm.
Okay, wait, hold on.
-Ray, can you take a photo of us?
-Yeah, sure.
You guys do know his name's Raef, right?
[laughing]
-Raef.
-[Amy] What?
-[Connie] You're kidding, right?
-Raef.
-[Amy] Ray.
-[Connie] You said...
-There's an "F" at the end.
-[laughing]
"Raef" on three. Three, two, one.
[all]
Raef.
-[laughter]
-Sure.
No, delete this.
[Amy] No, don't delete the photo.
-[Connie]
No, we look good.
-[Heather]
You guys look good.
Ah.
[laughter]
[gentle music playing]
♪ ♪
[Raef]
You're actually going to,
like, make the wine?
I'm actually going to make the wine.
That sounds amazing.
♪ ♪
-Do you want to come to the--
-Do you want to come?
Yes, I want to come.
[Jack]
It doesn't get better than this.
It really doesn't get bett--
Look where we are.
♪ ♪
[squealing happily]
[Connie]
I can't believe
I'm traipsing around Europe
with a guy I just met.
I don't think it counts as traipsing
if you're going on a trip to learn.
I think it just makes you a nerd.
-[speaking indistinctly]
-[Heather] But I think it's really cute
that he's joining you.
Me, too. I'm just hoping he doesn't,
like, turn out to be a serial killer.
-[Amy chuckles]
-[Raef] I love it!
-Oh, God!
-[Raef growls playfully]
-[Heather]
Hola, señor.
-[man]
Hola.
[Amy] Hello.
-[Connie] I love you.
-I love you so much.
[Heather] I know, you guys, w-we did it.
-We did it.
-[Connie] We did it.
-[Amy squealing]
-[Heather] Amy, please be safe.
-[Connie] Yeah, always.
-[Heather] Both of you.
Amy, are you forgetting anything?
No. Everything's in the taxi.
-Are you sure?
-Y--
-Because you left this on the bed.
-[Connie] No.
-Amy.
-My passport.
-I'm definitely going to need that.
-Amy.
Thank you so much.
-And double-check everything, okay?
-[Amy] Bye.
-Bye!
-[Connie] Please text us.
-Oh, my God.
-[kissing]
-Please make some wine for me.
-I will.
I'll make all the wine for you.
-Bye.
-[Heather and Connie] Bye.
Later.
-You got some time now, right?
-[car doors closing]
Uh... yeah.
One last adventure?
-Sure.
-Come on.
[gentle music playing]
[Heather] Gaudi was really inspired
by nature and its patterns.
[Jack] Somebody read the guidebook?
[Heather] Actually, in this case,
my mom was an architect.
Really?
[camera clicking]
-She's not still an architect?
-I don't know.
-[Jack] What do you mean you don't know?
-[Heather] I don't know.
I don't know if that's
what she's still doing.
She dipped when I was... ten.
She got a new job in another city,
and then...
There were periodic visits
and calls and letters,
and then after...
after a while, it just stopped.
Which is fine,
because I think it was easier
to not be disappointed by her
if I didn't need her.
[Jack] Mm. Yeah.
-[Jack] Oh, God.
-[Heather] What?
That's so obnoxious to me.
-I can't even look at it without cringing.
-What do you mean?
-I can't even look at it.
-She's trying to get her shot.
[Jack] And all she cares about
is the amount of attention
-she's going to get on social media.
-[man grunts]
[Heather] You don't know that.
Maybe she wants to share this experience
with her friends or her family.
I think she wants attention.
Gaudi didn't build this place
for people to show it off
to their friends on their Instagrams.
Did Gaudi tell you that himself?
I think you should be present.
I think that's the ultimate form of
respect and connection is being present.
I just don't understand.
Why does it bother you so much?
Then be present.
Let her do her thing.
This is meant to be a spiritual experience
where you can enjoy it in peace,
but people are too empty and vapid
that all they care about
is capturing it for other people
-so that they can get likes and followers.
-What do you mean?
Sorry, when you say empty and vapid,
when Connie, Amy and I were
taking pictures,
did you think
that we were empty and vapid?
I'm going to ask you
to think about your words,
because I don't think you realize
how hypocritical you sound.
How is it hypocritical?
You're in Europe following a journal
that your great-grandfather wrote
-based off of--
-It's different.
No, no, no. Based off of experiences
that he wrote down and captured.
Aren't they doing the same thing?
Just because it was in the 1940s,
somehow you're above it?
[phone clicking]
[pensive music playing]
Heather. Heather, Heather, Heather.
-What?
-Stop.
What?
Will you just stop for one second, please?
-It's my last day. I don't want to--
-I'm an asshole.
I'm an asshole, okay?
It was stupid. I'm sorry.
I'm not used to people putting me
in my place like you do.
I don't...
Jack, I need to go to the train.
-I need to get my--
-Let me make it up to you.
Let me drive you to Bilbao.
I don't want to leave things on bad terms.
Can I drive?
[♪ Nico Roig sings "Suc de Síndria"
in Catalan]
[Jack]
I wasted a lot of time worrying
about what other people thought of me.
I wanted everyone to think
that I had this perfect life.
Like, I double-majored
in economics and statistics.
-What?
-I got a job really similar
to the one that you're about to start.
Really? You?
Yes.
And then...
I had this health scare.
I knew I had to make a change,
and I knew that it couldn't wait.
So I gave up on everything
that felt like deathbed baggage.
I know you think it's bullshit.
The-the "trying to live
in the moment" thing.
But it's really not to me because I...
I wasted so much of my life.
["Suc de Síndria" continues playing]
♪ ♪
[airplane flying overhead]
[Jack] You got four hours
until your flight?
Yeah, which is good
because that'll give me time
to go through security, get settled,
have a glass of wine or three.
[man speaking Spanish over P.A.]
What if you didn't go in?
[laughs]
Why, do you have, like, a...
off-the-beaten-path-near-airport-adventure
for us?
No, I'm just ask--
I'm asking what would happen
if you didn't catch
your flight home today.
My ticket's already booked
and paid for, Jack.
I can't just not go.
I can't not make it.
My job starts in two weeks,
and I've got an apartment to move into.
-Heather, theoretically...
-What?
In the next four hours,
that plane's going to leave,
and you're not on it.
That would be really bad.
You'd miss an apartment move-in date.
But what happens to your life?
Seriously.
[sighs]
[laughs softly]
I've got the rest
of the money from Viktor.
It could more than fund
a little extra time in Europe.
Are you making plans?
That's odd. It's very, very strange.
It is odd. It is odd.
[gentle melody playing]
Fine.
[Jack laughs]
[seagulls squawking]
[talking indistinctly, laughing]
-[phone chiming]
-Oh, wait.
Oh, the girls are texting.
[whooshing]
[laughs quietly]
Do they approve of your decision?
Look what Amy sent.
[laughing]
Yeah, they more than approve.
Look where I am.
Can you see? It's pretty, right?
[Dad over phone]
I need more
than a text from you
-saying that you're extending your trip.
-I know. I know. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to worry you
or stress you out.
We're just having such a good time,
and it's so beautiful,
and when else am I going
to be able to do this?
What about your new job?
You said you wanted
to get back and get settled.
I mean, th-that was our plan.
But that's why I planned for,
like, a little bit of, um...
like a cushion in between
the vacation and when I start.
Because, I mean, I am...
It was because I wanted
to take some time to get settled,
but I think... I think I'll be fine.
I'll be back in time.
I'm just going to come back
a little tanner.
What about the girls?
Uh...
They decided
to extend their trips as well.
Honey, I just want you
to be safe, that's it.
I'm being safe, I promise.
-[Dad]
I-I love you.
-[Heather] I love you, too.
Don't worry.
-Okay, bye.
How was that?
I feel so bad lying.
Does he know you're traveling
around Europe with a random?
-Hmm-mm.
-No?
No.
He's just worried about you.
I know. I love him.
I've never missed a flight before.
Especially not on purpose.
I'm not shocked by that.
[chuckling]
Look at this.
Here.
Yeah, "San Sebastián, 1946.
In the heart of Donostia,
where the sea whispers
secrets to the shore,
I stood on a bridge,
contemplating the end of the war."
[pensive music playing]
"One year ago,
I lay wounded on a battlefield,
staring into the face of death.
I don't know how or why I survived,
but I did.
And something shifted inside me.
I realized that my life,
however long or short, was mine alone.
I will not waste a second of it.
I will not stand on the shore
and wonder what could have been."
[Jack]
Come on, it's okay.
[Heather] Where are you taking me?
[Jack] It's okay. Come on.
-I've been here before.
-Where are--
Is this someone's house?
Yeah. I just don't...
I don't know if anyone's home, but--
[Heather] What do you mean?
[hushed] Jack, I feel uncomfortable.
-We can't just walk--
-It's okay.
Trust me.
[woman gasping]
-[woman] Jack? Oh.
-[man exclaims]
-[man and woman chattering excitedly]
-[Jack chuckling]
[woman] Oh, my God.
-[Jack laughing]
-Jack!
-[man] Hey!
-[Jack] Oi. Good to see you.
-[man] Good to see you.
-This is Heather.
-Oh. Heather, nice to meet you.
-Hi. Hi.
-I'm Ana. Ana.
-Ana. Nice to meet you.
[Jack and man laughing]
-Heather.
-[kissing] Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
-It's been a long t--
-[laughing]
[Ana]
He knocks on the door.
He says to us,
"My name is Jack. I think your father knew
my great-grandfather."
-That's it?
-No introduction.
-No context. He just--
-[Ana] He just smiled.
-[laughs]
-[man] Just like that.
It's a decent smile.
They spent hours together. [laughs softly]
Sometimes we translate.
Sometimes Jack just listen to this old man
speaking a language he doesn't understand.
I mean, at times I didn't even feel
like I needed the translation.
-[Ana] Mm.
-I didn't care. I just wanted to listen.
[Ana speaking Spanish]
Mucho. Mucho. Muchísimo.
[Ana]
Muchas horas.
[laughing]
-[Jack] Cheers.
-[man]
Aita.
-[man] Heather?
-Hmm?
Jack says, uh, you play guitar.
[chuckles nervously]
-[man] Yes, you did.
-[Jack] I did?
-I'm sorry.
-[laughter]
-He said that.
-Jack's wrong.
No, I believe him.
-No, no, no, no.
-He's my friend.
-I believe him.
-I know he's your friend, but he's wrong.
Come on, play-play something for us.
[Heather] I don't-- No. I don't--
Yeah, play something we can all sing.
[Heather] You want to sing?
Yes, we want to sing.
-[Heather] Okay.
-[man] Please.
-[Heather chuckling]
-[man] All right.
I'm gonna-- I'll try.
[man] Yeah.
But I told Jack I haven't played
since high school.
Check it out.
[strumming gentle intro to "What's Up?"]
♪
Twenty-five years and my life is still
trying to get up
♪
-♪
that great big hill of hope
♪
-[others joins in]
[group] ♪
for a destination
♪
Come on.
And so I wake in the morning
and I step outside
♪
and I take deep breath
and I get real high
♪
and I scream from the top of my lungs,
"What's going on?"
♪
-[laughing]
-♪
And I say
♪
"Hey-ey-ey
Yeah, yeah, yeah"
♪
I said, "Hey!
What's going on?"
♪
And I say, "Hey-ey-ey
Yeah, yeah, yeah"
♪
I said, "Hey!"
Aita.
♪
"What's going on?"
♪♪
[Ana speaking indistinctly]
-That's it. That's it.
-[Father exclaims]
-Good job.
-No.
[gentle music playing]
[sighs]
[laughs softly]
[Jack]
You know, I really believe that
your thoughts help create your future.
I'm serious.
Sure.
[Jack]
The universe, or God...
-Mm-hmm.
-...or whatever you want to call it,
wants for us what we want for ourselves.
So all we have to do is think it
as often and as hard as we can.
I don't know if I believe that.
What do you believe?
[Heather]
I'm just not sure
that the universe works like that.
Though it'd be nice if sometimes it did.
♪ ♪
[gentle song playing]
[song continues with lyrics in Spanish]
♪ ♪
Where did you come from?
Texas.
[both laughing]
[kissing]
[waves breaking on shore]
-[water sloshing]
-[seagulls squawking]
[grunts]
[Heather chuckles]
-Hola.
-Good morning.
-How are you doing?
-Sleepy.
There's some breakfast over there
if you're hungry.
It's so nice.
[laughing]
How crazy there's a bath
in the master bedroom?
-Thank you, Viktor.
[chuckling]
-Thank you, Russell.
It's incredible,
this whole experience, you know?
[Heather] Mm.
I never want to stop doing it.
I just want to keep doing it forever.
I never want it to end.
It's very special.
You're special.
[laughing]
Can I ask you a question?
Yes.
If you could ask...
...God, or the universe--
[chuckling] here I go again--
-or the powers that be one question...
-Mm.
...and you get a direct answer...
...what would it be?
What's my purpose?
Whoa.
Yeah.
And I've never really
thought about that before.
[Jack] Mm.
[Jack]
Do we need to dress for this?
[Heather]
Yes. We have to wear
all-white outfits and red scarves.
You're telling me Hemingway wore that?
-[Heather] He might've.
-He's a little too cool to have worn that.
No, you have to.
Did you know the old bull riders,
they would drink whiskey
until the bottle was finished,
and then they would pee in the bottle
and drink their own pee
and pass it around?
-What?
-Yeah.
Do you think they still do that?
I think they do still do it.
That's probably why that-that
Spanish rider in
The Sun Also Rises...
Remember how he's always drinking whiskey?
[gasps] He's drinking
his own piss for sure.
-Potentially.
-[gasps]
[both laughing]
[Riccardo Del Turco sings "Luglio"
in Italian]
[crowd chatter]
[shouting]
Wow.
[laughing] Here we go. Here we--
[loud shouting]
[bulls bellowing]
I think they're coming through...
[shouting continues]
-I'm going out there.
-No.
-I'm going, I'm going.
-No, no, no, no.
-Wish me luck.
-No, no, no, no, no.
-[shouting continues]
-Jack!
[bellowing]
-[crowd screaming]
-[Heather gasps]
Jack!
[indistinct announcement over P.A.]
[sighs heavily]
That was really stupid.
[chuckles]
Stop.
Mm, very Hemingway-esque,
bullshit, macho thing for you to do.
Stop. Stop, stop, stop. Seriously.
-[Heather] I'm sorry.
-[door opens]
-Don't make me laugh.
-Seriously.
[doctor]
Bien.
-Ay.
-[speaking Spanish]
I think I dislocated my shoulder.
Whoa.
Let's see what is happening, okay?
Do you need help? Can I help you?
Got it.
I feel like the universe is
telling you something
about using money that's been stolen.
We're just giving it back to the world,
where it belongs.
Also, Viktor's money ran out two days ago.
-What?!
-Yeah.
-This is your money?
-Jack, that's expensive.
-It's fine. We'll figure it out later.
What are you...
Can I help?
Sure. You can pay for whatever you want.
[guitar strumming gentle melody]
[man and woman] ♪
My body and spirit
♪
La, la, la, la, la, la, la
My body and spirit
♪
La, la, la, la, la, la, la
[quietly] Hi.
♪
No matter how far you are
I know you'll be my shining star
♪♪
[Heather] "Porto.
It's the second largest city of Portugal,
and the one that gave the country,
and port wine, its name."
Check this out. "Porto, 25-8-1946.
How sweet that morning
when the winds have turned
and waves of life crash
onto sun-drenched rock."
-That's pretty.
-I think mine's better.
Don't do that to Tracy's Travel.
-[♪ Miquel Serra sings "Setembre"]
-[crowd chatter]
♪ ♪
[song continues with lyrics in Catalan]
[horns honking]
-[Amy over phone]
Hi. Can you see me?
-[squeals]
-Yeah.
-I can see you.
[Amy]
I'm getting my tan on,
walking in the sun all day long.
[Heather]
Don't forget sunscreen.
Yes, Mommy.
You're welcome.
[song continues]
[Heather]
Okay, wine at noon?
How's Raef?
-[Connie]
Raef?
-[Amy]
Yeah.
[Heather]
Where is he?
Why isn't he saying hi?
-Raef!
-He's off somewhere picking grapes.
[Connie whispering]
It's gotten
really serious,
-like, so quickly.
-Has it?
[Connie]
Yeah.
It's so good.
-Well, my boyfriend's name is Camino.
-[Connie laughs]
I'm, like, halfway through.
Where are you guys?
We're in a cute little... B and B.
[Connie]
Tell us everything.
[Amy]
Yeah.
We're just wandering.
Like, we live by
his great-grandfather's journal.
We don't even make a plan.
We just go.
-[Amy]
Are you, like, okay? [laughing]
-[Connie]
Yeah.
[Amy speaks indistinctly]
[laughing]
♪ ♪
[Heather laughing]
[Heather screams]
[laughter]
[laughing]
-Aren't you going back soon, though?
-Five days.
[Connie]
So, what?
Is he going to come back with you?
Like, what is that whole situation?
-[tramcar bell clanging]
-[Heather]
I'm not sure yet.
[Connie]
Have you guys talked about it?
[Heather]
No. He... he doesn't have plans.
But the way that we talk...
...it makes me feel like he would.
[Connie]
Do you want him
to come back with you?
[Heather]
I would love him to.
I would love for him to be
in New York with me.
♪ ♪
It's not just a tryst.
-[Connie]
Yeah.
-[Heather]
You know?
I think I'm in love.
[gasps] Wait, she said the "L" word.
[Amy groaning]
Oh, I'm going to throw up.
[women laughing]
♪ ♪
Oh, my gosh,
you got to figure this out then.
I miss it already. I miss him already.
I don't want to just never see each other.
I need to bring--
I'm going to bring it up.
[song ends]
[birds chirping]
[phone buzzing]
[Jack] English. English, please.
[woman over phone]
This is
clinica Pamplona,
calling about your shoulder injury.
We've noticed something abnormal
in your scans
and we need to schedule a follow-up
at your earliest convenience.
Okay.
[reflective music playing]
[bell tolling in distance]
[people chattering]
[tolling continues]
Oh. Have you seen this?
-Whoa.
-Can I?
-[Jack] Yeah. No.
-[Heather] Do you mind?
-[Heather] Look.
-[Jack] Whoa.
-No way.
-[thunder rumbling]
-That is crazy. [laughs]
-[laughing] That's crazy.
Do they look familiar?
No, I haven't seen these.
"Santa Pau is a tiny village
in the Pyrenees,
exactly where three countries meet.
If you take the wrong path, you can
miss it and regret it all your life.
I'm here, in April,
for their festival season.
They're finishing the winter and welcoming
the Santa de la Primavera,
the Saint of Spring."
[rain pouring]
"I've been here for six days,
and they have not stopped dancing.
They've done this for centuries.
They have kept the faith
that spring will come.
That life will go on.
They are dancing in the face of death.
Don't know when they'll stop.
Maybe I won't, either."
-Do you think that festival still exists?
-I don't know.
Where is it? Santa Pau?
I don't know.
[wind whistling]
Okay, let's keep these safe.
You can have it.
Keep it.
I think Russell wanted you to have it.
I love you.
Me, too.
I just didn't want to say it first.
[laughing]
[Heather]
Hi.
Look.
If you can see past that tower
over there, that's the Colosseum.
Do you need anything from me?
-You, uh, you got your flight booked?
-Mm-hmm.
Just enough time
to get settled into the new place and...
start the new job on the following Monday.
Okay, well,
you know you have less than a week.
I also wanted to call and tell you...
I met someone.
You met someone?
What's his name? Wh-Where is he from?
His name's Jack.
He's from New Zealand.
-What's he do?
-Uh...
Well, for a while, he's been...
following his great-grandfather's journal
around Europe.
Following a journal? Why?
Uh, well, his... great-grandfather was
a soldier in World War II,
and to honor his memory,
Jack is following in his footsteps.
It's a really beautiful story,
and I don't know,
maybe he'll write a book about it or...
[Jack] Heather.
-[Heather] I have to go.
-I love you.
-Bye.
Long walk.
-Yeah, I got lost.
-Yeah?
So, apparently, I'm going to write a book?
I, um...
I was going to mention it to you.
-Oh, yeah?
-Yeah.
I thought that...
It would give what I'm doing
some kind of a meaning?
No. What you're doing does have meaning.
I was just saying that
it's such a beautiful experience
and thing that you're doing.
It's just not really something
that I need.
Okay.
What do you need?
[chuckles] I don't need anything.
I've got it all right here.
Okay, but you know right here
is about to end, then.
I'm getting on a plane to New York,
and we haven't really talked about...
how you feel about that or what you think.
I think we should make the most
of every one of those days until you go.
Until I go, and then what?
-I don't know.
-You don't know?
I get it. You don't make plans.
You get distant any time I show
any sort of interest in my future.
But then you make these grand statements
about how the universe conspires
to give us what we want and what we need.
Why every single time I bring up anything
about the future, you get distant?
Because there's no point
talking about the future.
-There's no point talking about the--
-What do you mean
there's no point talking about the future?
What is this about, your career or...?
No, it-it's about all of it.
It's about what we're doing
moving forward.
I just, like, I-I'm sorry
the story thing bothered you,
but, like, what am I supposed to say
to my dad?
He's a man who's worked every single day
since he was 16 years old.
And he's asking me about a young man
wandering through Europe
following a journal.
I just made up a story
about you writing a book
because it sounds
a hell of a lot better than,
"I don't know, Dad, he's some
mysterious guy that I met on the train
who wears a $10,000 watch
and thinks that work is for squares."
I got this on the side of the road
for ten bucks the day that I quit my job.
And I keep it 'cause it reminds me
of what's real and what's bullshit.
Okay, so what I'm asking you,
is this real or is this bullshit?
Of course this is real.
Don't be ridiculous.
I'm just asking you a question,
and you keep deflecting.
What do you want me to say, Heather?
Maybe, I don't know, "It's killing me
that our time here is coming to an end
and we should make a plan
to see each other as soon as possible
because the thought of not seeing you
or being a continent away from you
is unbearable."
Or is that just me?
Heather, I... I don't know what's going
to happen in the future.
-I know, but--
-And I'm okay with that.
I-I know, but I'm not a trap, Jack.
I'm not some, like...
I'm not a dead end that you need to avoid.
-I've never lied to you about anything.
-I'm not saying that you have.
-But I've told you--
-That's not what I said.
Heather, I've told you from day one
that I don't live in the future
and I prefer not making big plans.
I know, but I-I do.
I like plans. I need them.
And I just feel like a guy
who has no plans or nowhere to be
could at least make one
or-or get on the plane with me.
I can't give you an answer right now.
-Come with me.
-I can't-- I don't--
[sighs] I don't know
what to tell you, Heather.
-And I can't have this conversation.
-You're not telling me anything right now.
Exactly. I can't have this conversation
with you right now.
Jack.
Jack, what do you mean
you can't have this conversation?
-I'm going for a walk.
-Where are you going?
I'm going for a walk.
[plaintive music playing]
[quiet conversations]
[Jack]
You believe in heaven and hell?
I don't think I believe
in a heaven or hell.
I like to believe that...
this isn't all that we have.
-Yeah.
-This very, very short life.
[Jack]
I think that's the beautiful part
about it, is it's a choice.
We get to, we get to decide
who we're becoming every moment.
And it's not up to us to decide
which moment is perfect
and which moment isn't perfect.
Some of the most beautiful things come
from the most devastating losses.
Doesn't mean that it's not hard, though.
[Heather]
Do you believe in past lives?
[Jack]
Yes.
One hundred percent, yes.
Do you think we've met before?
Yeah, one hundred percent.
♪ ♪
[Heather]
I'm starting to not...
...believe in coincidences.
[door lock clicking]
[door opens]
[key drops on table]
I'm coming with you.
I bought a plane ticket.
♪ ♪
[Jack]
"They were digging in soil
that had been dug before them,
that will be dug after them.
These trees will grow, these men will die,
their children will harvest
these olives for their own one day.
We planted 19 trees
before the sun went down.
Whatever happens to me,
I am in their soil.
I am in their grandchildren's story."
[Heather]
Is this the olive grove
Russell helped plant?
[Jack]
I don't know. It could be.
Potentially, we could come back
to this tree in another life.
-[Jack] Okay. What can I say?
-[Heather laughs softly]
It's so cute.
Give me your phone. Gonna take a photo.
You're going to do what?
Don't get too excited.
Okay, we have eight seconds.
What do we do? What do we do?
[laughing] What do... what do we...
-[Heather speaks indistinctly]
-[clicks]
[birds chirping]
[laughing]
-[indistinct announcement over P.A.]
-[loud crowd chatter]
-[Jack] What?
-[Heather speaking indistinctly, laughs]
[agent] Have all items
out of your pockets.
[phone buzzing]
[agent] Keys, telephones.
Next.
[loud chatter continues]
[phone beeps]
[Dr. Donato over voicemail]
This is
Dr. Donato from the Rome oncology clinic.
Your test results came in.
I think you should call me
as soon as possible, please.
[wistful music playing]
[crowd chatter continues]
Jack!
What are you doing?
-Should we get coffee?
-Hey, silly. Yes.
[man speaking Italian over P.A.]
[woman over P.A.]
We will begin boarding
passengers that need assistance…
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
Okay.
Um... we're group five,
so you have a little bit of time.
Yeah.
Do you want to leave your stuff?
It's okay. I'm used to the weight.
Okay.
That was a really good trip.
Yeah, it was.
Every single part of it was great.
-Right?
-The best.
So good.
There's still so much more
I want to see, though.
Then we can come back.
Yeah.
[chuckles]
Do you always get like this
when you have to pee?
[Jack laughing]
Go pee. Hurry. Hurry back.
-Okay.
-Okay?
[man speaking Italian over P.A.]
[woman over P.A.]
Passengers seated
in zone one can begin boarding.
[crowd chatter continues]
[whooshing]
[man speaking Italian over P.A.]
...New York JFK.
[announcement continues in Italian]
[woman over P.A.]
Continuing boarding
Flight 2463 to New York JFK.
Those seated in zone two can now board.
[whooshes]
♪ ♪
[woman over P.A.]
Zone three
can now board.
[man speaking Italian over P.A.]
[announcement continues]
...New York JFK.
-[woman over P.A.]
All passengers...
-Jack!
-[toilet flushes, stall door opens]
Hi, sir.
I-I'm looking for my boyfriend.
-No. [speaking Italian]
-Sì--
-[continues speaking Italian]
-[stammering]
-Uh, but he, he--
-No, no, no.
[continues speaking Italian]
-[phone chimes]
-[Heather] Shit.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Okay.
-[man speaks Italian]
-[snapping fingers]
Uh, sorry.
Sorry.
[sighs]
[man speaking Italian over P.A.]
[woman over P.A.]
Final call
for Flight 2463 to New York JFK.
-[phone line ringing]
-All passengers should be in line,
as we will be closing
the cabin doors shortly.
[phone line continues ringing]
-Hi.
Hey, um, I'm-I'm traveling with someone,
and I can't find him,
and I was wondering if you could tell me
if he's gotten on the plane yet.
I'm sorry. We're about to close the door,
so you need to board now
and see if they're on the plane.
I understand.
I was just wondering if you could tell me
if the person who's sitting
next to me has boarded.
Passport and ticket, please.
♪ ♪
Thank you.
[beeps]
Okay.
Buon viaggio.
Is it a full flight?
-Yes.
-Okay.
[quiet chatter]
♪ ♪
[breath shuddering, sniffles]
[sighs]
[phone chimes]
♪ ♪
[sniffling softly]
[distant sirens wailing]
[fire truck horn blasting]
[woman over radio]
Another holiday
attraction opening in the city today
is three weeks of special events
in the Flatiron District,
kicking off with a pretty cool
art installation.
[upbeat music playing]
Hi!
Hi, hi, hi!
[squealing happily]
Hey, honey.
[laughing]
Wait, no, I don't--
You haven't heard, like, a word from him?
[Heather] Nothing.
-Nothing?
Nothing. Not since "I'm really sorry."
And then, I'm pretty sure blocking me.
-No.
-[Heather] Yeah, the last--
He's literally a piece of
-steaming wet dog shit.
-[Heather] Amy--
-[Amy] I'm so sorry. No. No.
-[Heather] Wait. No, no, no.
-No, hold on. I'm telling you.
-[Connie laughing]
-After, after...
-Let her speak.
...he said, "I'm really sorry,"
my message didn't go through.
-He blocked me.
-[Amy] So he completely ghosts you
after going on, like, this whirlwind trip,
and then he tells you that he loves you,
and then he just, like,
straight up ghosts you
and disappears forever?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Mr. Jack can take his dumb accent
and his moody attitude
and he can just go rot in whatever
European hole he crawled out of.
I'm sorry. I'm over it.
-You deserve a thousand percent better.
-So embarrassing.
-[Connie] No.
-[Amy] No, it's not embarrassing.
-It's just rude.
-It's not embarrassing.
I just agree with her
-that you deserve better.
-Thank you. You deserve better.
I guess of all things,
I'm just so confused.
Like, why didn't he say something?
-[Amy] Like, literally anything?
-Why did he-- Right.
-Raef hasn't heard anything, either.
-[Heather] What?
-Nothing at all. Isn't that weird?
-[Amy] Really?
-Nothing from Jack? Since when?
-[Connie] Nothing at all.
He says that it's real--
For a whole month, no contact,
and that's really unusual for Jack.
Hey, guys.
What if he is in witness protection?
-Amy?
-No, I'm serious.
What if he, like, arrived to the airport
and he saw his, like,
old mob boss or something,
and then he was like,
"Oh, my gosh, I'm going to get caught."
So he had to change his entire life
and identity
-in witness protection.
-[Heather] Mm.
That would make sense
why he, like, went no contact.
-[Heather] It's definitely--
-[Connie] Duh.
No, it's a way better story than
"I got ghosted by a guy I met in Europe."
[Amy] No, I really, I really think so,
because he wasn't...
He wouldn't be-- I mean, let's be honest,
he would not be good in the mob.
[Connie] No.
The only reason he would be
is because he's bad at pictures.
-[Connie and Amy] Wait.
-[laughter]
-This is adding up.
-[Amy] It's...
It's adding up, and then--
Actually, keep it coming, keep it coming.
I think you're on to something.
He was in the mob, he wasn't good at it,
and so then he had to quit the mob,
and then he had to go
into witness protection.
Feeding my delusions.
-That's what I'm here for.
-I love it. I love your brain.
Thank you. I love it, too.
[man speaking quietly]
[man]
It's a holiday next week,
so... let's jump into it.
Um, I think everything,
everything is looking pretty good.
One note on page…
[continues indistinctly]
[wistful music playing]
♪ ♪
[birds chirping]
Merry Christmas from Texas.
I just got home.
Um, family's good.
-[man laughing] Hey, there she is.
-Hi. Hi.
[laughing, chattering]
-Hi, Nana.
-Oh, oh.
-How are you?
-Oh, you're all skin and bone.
Uh, Dad says hi.
Nana says hi.
-Come on, let me at her.
-[laughing]
[Dad growling playfully]
Mm!
-I missed you so much.
-Oh, let me get a look at you.
-Oh, come on, help me get this ham on.
-[Heather] All right.
Can't make my Christmas ham without you.
Absolutely not.
-You got a beer?
-Oh, hell yeah, I got a beer.
Uh, yeah, I love y'all. Merry Christmas.
[kids laughing]
[Dad] Hey.
What's eating you?
When Mom left,
how did-- [mirthless chuckle]
How did you cope?
Well, I had to know it wasn't about me.
And it wasn't about you.
[chuckles] I mean, look at us.
We're cuter than two peas in a pod.
I could never be inside your mom's brain.
[Heather] Hmm.
I could hate her...
for leaving us, for leaving you.
Well, I could love her
for-for giving you to me.
For giving me this one-on-one relationship
with the best girl in the whole world.
But trust me, baby,
I, uh, I spent a lot of years,
I-I wasted a lot of years
on the hate part.
Same.
Oh, Heather, baby, honey.
You got a great life.
You got a life better
than I ever even dreamed of.
You got a great education.
You got a, a great job.
You got a great future.
You do not let this boy
take that away from you.
You hear me?
He won't.
He doesn't get to do that.
I'm going to help Nana put the greens on.
[dog barking in distance]
[Amy over phone]
Wait,
your room's so cutie.
[laughs] Wait, look how crazy Connie looks
-in that photo.
-Look at Connie.
-[both laughing]
-Seriously,
she's going to be so mad
that you still have these.
She told us to burn them.
I know. That's why I kept them.
We've been talking about, like,
really serious stuff, though.
Like future stuff?
Like serious stuff, like…
where we would want to live.
Oh, my God.
Do you think he'll propose?
-Would you say yes?
-Uh...
Well, yeah, I'd say yes.
-[laughing]
-But...
[Heather]
I think I'm confused.
[Dad] Yeah, what you confused about?
I have always found comfort
in... the plan.
-And--
-What plan?
The, uh...
The plan, like, my plan,
how things are supposed to go.
Uh, there... there's always a,
there's a formula.
And it is go to school,
get the degree, get the job,
eventually meet someone,
and then that equals fulfillment.
And I'm grateful for it, I am,
but I...
-I...
-[sighs]
I don't know if I want New York anymore.
And I don't know
if I want this job anymore.
Well, shit, that's a big decision.
I know.
Well, then why are you doing it
if you don't want it?
Because I don't...
I don't wa-- want to disappoint you, and--
[laughs] You can't disappoint me.
The only way you could disappoint me
is if you did something
you didn't want to do.
I never quite understood
why you wanted to work in a bank.
I get it, the money, but...
Baby, you got to do what you love
or-or at least something you like.
I don't think I'd love it or like it.
Well, who would?
I get it.
Hey, you're young.
You got a whole life to make
some sort of decisions like that.
I think that's the thing.
I think that's the first time
I've been asking myself that question.
And I think when I was with him,
I think that...
like, I wasn't... I wasn't thinking
about expectations of myself.
I wasn't thinking about
where I needed to go,
who I needed to be,
what I needed to be do... uh, doing.
I was just there with him.
Yeah, it's called freedom. You felt free.
Yeah, and I'm missing that.
Baby, you'll find that again.
I mean, I don't think you're going
to find it in a bank, though,
-that's for sure.
-[laughing]
I'm not trying to say you didn't have
an amazing experience with him.
I'm actually saying the opposite.
He gave you something.
He gave you something to strive for.
-A feeling to strive for.
-Mm-hmm.
I think so, too.
Well, that's a big, big gift.
-I love you.
-I love you, too.
It's good to be home.
[wistful music playing]
♪ ♪
[sighs heavily]
[phone whooshes]
[phone buzzing]
[grunts]
[whooshing]
[clicks]
[♪ Rita Payés sings
"Nunca vas a comprender" in Spanish]
♪ ♪
[happy chattering]
["Nunca vas a comprender" continues
over speakers]
[sighs]
[door opens]
Heather?
-Hi.
-Hi. Have you seen my shoes?
Um, yeah, right there.
Oh.
Okay, you need to hurry up. She's waiting.
-Come on.
-Okay.
[uplifting music playing]
♪ ♪
[no dialogue]
I declare you husband and wife.
-[laughs]
-[guests whooping, cheering]
[laughing]
[guests cheering]
Whoo!
[Connie squealing]
[cheering continues]
[♪ Lucia Fumero sings "Del amor"
in Spanish]
You got the best girl.
Yeah, I do know that.
In the world.
[breathes deeply]
So, nothing?
Not a word?
♪ ♪
You know?
Come with me.
[Heather] Okay.
[Raef]
He never RSVP'd.
He just sent me a wedding gift.
And this.
It's for you.
I haven't read it. Don't worry.
Uh, and Connie doesn't know about it.
But he only said to give it to you
if you really asked about him.
So...
[wistful music playing]
-Okay.
-Um...
but I'll be out there if you need me.
Okay.
[Jack]
Heather...
I know vanishing at the airport
was an unforgivable thing to do.
Watching you board the plane alone
was the hardest thing that I've ever done.
But at that moment,
I felt I had no choice.
♪ ♪
I lied to you.
About how sick I'd been before.
How scared I was
the cancer would come back.
And suddenly there it was.
In an instant, my future was uncertain.
There was one thing that I knew for sure.
I couldn't ask you to watch me die.
I had to leave.
I had to hope
that you'd hate me for doing it,
that you'd move on
and find the happiness that you deserve.
I miss you.
I only think of you more and more
as the months go by.
The two weeks we spent together
have become my favorite movie in my head.
I play it over and over again,
hoping the memories never fade.
All my travels, my philosophizing,
all my grand ideas.
What I know now is that I wasn't
following the journal.
I was running from the truth.
The journal wasn't some self-help book
or guide to find fulfillment.
It was a map...
that led me to you.
I still keep it with me,
but I read it differently now.
Finding you made every bit
of that journey worthwhile.
It has given me strength
to face whatever comes next.
Love is what makes us dance
in the face of death.
[wind whistling]
[distantly] "They are dancing
in the face of death.
Don't know when they'll stop.
Maybe I won't, either."
[wind whistling]
[♪ Skyler Adams and Tora Hallström
sing "Find You"]
♪
In the darkness
I was struggling the hardest
♪
I've been going, going on my own
[Heather]
I think I need to go.
Wait, you think he's there?
I don't know.
But I need to go.
I have to have hope.
[crying] I don't know. I don't know.
-I love you.
-[Heather] I love you so much.
-Congratulations.
Thank you.
Okay, go.
Honey, you need to go.
You need to go right now.
♪ ♪
-♪
I will find you
♪
-♪
I will find you
♪
♪ ♪
[rhythmic clapping in distance]
-[rhythmic clapping continues]
-[happy chattering]
[happy chattering]
[man whooping]
[crowd chanting]
♪ ♪
[cheering]
[crying] Hi.
How'd you find me?
I remembered the festival,
"dancing in the face of death."
Heather, I can't offer you-- I don't--
I can't-- I can't--
I can't give you a future.
I don't need you to.
Do you remember what you told me?
If you think it, it's yours.
I'm here now, and I love you.
And I want to dance.
I love you, too.
["Find You" continues playing]
[applause, whooping, cheering]
♪
I see you
-♪
Close my eyes and I can feel you
♪
-♪
Close my eyes and I can feel you
♪
-♪
All I want now
♪
-♪
All I want now
♪
-♪
I want you to know
♪
-♪
I want you to know
♪
-♪
Do you hear me?
♪
-♪
Hear me?
♪
-♪
I just want you to be free
♪
-♪
Free
♪
I can say it out loud,
but don't forget me
♪
Don't forget
Oh
♪
I've been searching for the feeling
Oh, oh, oh, oh, to feel it all
♪
To feel it all, to feel it all
Oh
♪
Just when life has lost its meaning
Oh, oh, oh, oh, there you are
♪
There you are
I will find you, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh
♪
Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
♪
Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh
♪
Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
♪
You know I'll find you
Oh, oh-oh-oh
♪
Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh
Oh, oh-oh-oh
♪
Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh
Oh, oh-oh-oh
♪
Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh
Oh, oh-oh-oh
♪
Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh
I will find you, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh
♪
Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
♪
Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh
♪
Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
♪
♪ ♪
-[vocalizing]
-♪
I will find you
♪
[vocalizing]
Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh,
ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh
♪
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ah, ah
♪♪
[gentle melody playing]
♪ ♪
[music fades]